feat(window-state): add `Builder::map_label` method (#1497)
tauri-apps/plugins-workspace: .changes/window-state-map-label.md

---
"window-state": patch
---

> Add `map_label` option to transform the window label before using it internally, based on [amrbashir's suggestion](https://github.com/tauri-apps/plugins-workspace/pull/531#pullrequestreview-1566282300).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `Builder::map_label` option to transform the window label when saving the window state, this could be used to group different windows to use the same state.
```
